1. statistics
2. reload

For Python2.x
reload(module)

For above 2.x and <=Python3.3

import imp
imp.reload(module)

For >=Python3.4

import importlib
importlib.reload(module)

3. bisect
The purpose of Bisect algorithm is to find a position in list where an element needs to be inserted to keep the list sorted.

4. decimal
Python in its definition provides certain methods to perform faster decimal floating point arithmetic using the module “decimal”. 

5. networkx

6. fnmatch

7. secrets

8. unicodedata

9. textwrap 
this module can be used for wrapping and formatting of plain text. This module provides formatting of text by adjusting the line breaks in the input paragraph. 

10. pickle
Python pickle module is used for serializing and de-serializing a Python object structure. Any object in Python can be pickled so that it can be saved on disk. 
What pickle does is that it “serializes” the object first before writing it to file. Pickling is a way to convert a python object (list, dict, etc.) into a character stream. 
The idea is that this character stream contains all the information necessary to reconstruct the object in another python script.

11. copyreg

12. argparse

13. NZEC Non Zero Exit Error
    Infinite Recursion or if you have run out of stack memory.
    Input and output both are NOT exactly same as the test cases.
    As the online platforms, test your program using a computer code which matches your output with the specified outputs exactly.
    This type of error is also shown when your program is performing basic programming mistakes like dividing by 0.
    Check for the values of your variables, they can be vulnerable to integer flow.

14. virtualenv
A virtual environment is a tool that helps to keep dependencies required by different projects separate by creating isolated python virtual environments for them. This is one of the most important tools that most of the Python developers use.

15.imghdr
Suppose you are given an image type file and you need to determine the type of that file. In simple words, you need to get the extension of that image type file. This can be used in a project to verify whether the image you have requested for is actually an image and with which extension does it come.

16. https://github.com/SKKSaikia/Data-Analysis

17. bloom filter
A Bloom filter is a space-efficient probabilistic data structure that is used to test whether an element is a member of a set. For example, checking availability of username is set membership problem, where the set is the list of all registered username. The price we pay for efficiency is that it is probabilistic in nature that means, there might be some False Positive results. False positive means, it might tell that given username is already taken but actually it’s not.


